plugin/src/docs/introduction/configGroovy.adoc, before:

[[configGroovy]]
=== Configuration Settings

The Spring Security plugin maintains its configuration in `grails-app/conf/application.groovy`, although you can keep the plugin config in `application.yml` with the rest of the configuration if you prefer. Default values are in the plugin's `grails-app/conf/DefaultSecurityConfig.groovy` file, and you add application-specific values to `application.groovy` (or `application.yml`). The default configuration is merged with your settings, with application values overriding the defaults and setting missing values.

This structure enables environment-specific configuration such as, for example, fewer structure-restrictive security rules during development than in production. Like any environment-specific configuration parameters, you wrap them in an `environments` block.

[NOTE]
====
The plugin's configuration values all start with `grails.plugin.springsecurity` to distinguish them from similarly named options in Grails and from other plugins. You must specify all property overrides with the `grails.plugin.springsecurity` preffix. For example, you specify the attribute `password.algorithm` as:

[source,groovy]
----
grails.plugin.springsecurity.password.algorithm = 'bcrypt'
----

If you are using cxf grails plugin in your app then move the cxf dependency above this plugin i.e. 

[source,groovy]
dependencies {
    compile 'org.grails.plugins:cxf:3.1.1'
    // CXF above security.
    compile 'org.grails.plugins:spring-security-core:3.1.2'
}

====

Commit message:

Values set to null in application.groovy
Due to the Spring Boot parser values set to null like the adh.errorPage need to be done in the application.groovy instead of the application.yml.

plugin/src/docs/introduction/configGroovy.adoc, after:

[[configGroovy]]
=== Configuration Settings

The Spring Security plugin maintains its configuration in `grails-app/conf/application.groovy`, although you can keep the plugin config in `application.yml` with the rest of the configuration if you prefer. Configuration values set to null need to be done in the application.groovy due to the spring boot YAML parser. Default values are in the plugin's `grails-app/conf/DefaultSecurityConfig.groovy` file, and you add application-specific values to `application.groovy` (or `application.yml`). The default configuration is merged with your settings, with application values overriding the defaults and setting missing values.

This structure enables environment-specific configuration such as, for example, fewer structure-restrictive security rules during development than in production. Like any environment-specific configuration parameters, you wrap them in an `environments` block.

[NOTE]
====
The plugin's configuration values all start with `grails.plugin.springsecurity` to distinguish them from similarly named options in Grails and from other plugins. You must specify all property overrides with the `grails.plugin.springsecurity` preffix. For example, you specify the attribute `password.algorithm` as:

[source,groovy]
----
grails.plugin.springsecurity.password.algorithm = 'bcrypt'
----

If you are using cxf grails plugin in your app then move the cxf dependency above this plugin i.e. 

[source,groovy]
dependencies {
    compile 'org.grails.plugins:cxf:3.1.1'
    // CXF above security.
    compile 'org.grails.plugins:spring-security-core:3.1.2'
}

====
